Now, a performance
by our talented new star.
So please give a warm welcome
to Mademoiselle Shauna
'the winner of the Coumarine
Pokémon Showcase.'
'I am sure we can look forward
to many fine performances'
'from her in the future.'
Wow. It's so awesome
that Shauna's famous now.
She's famous alright.
[AGREEMENT]
I've really gotta practice hard
so I can catch up to Shauna.
Thanks for your patience.
Your Pokémon are all fully
recovered and feeling fine.
Thanks, Nurse Joy.
Fennekin? Pancham?
Our next performance
is coming soon
'so let's train hard!'
[EXCITED]
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know you're up
to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"BATTLING WITH ELEGANCE.."
SERENA
"AND A BIG SMILE!"
NARRATOR With four Kalos Gym
badges in Ash's possession
our heroes continue
to the Lumiose Gym
for Ash's battle
with Clemont.
Then Pancham will jump,
go under here then finish up.
I think we should
give it a try, okay?
Imagine Ash and Bonnie
as a cheering crowd. All set?
[AGREEMENT]
‐ Okay, let's go!
‐ Can't wait. Yippee.
[CHEERING]
Show us how it's done.
[EXCITED]
Fennekin, Pancham
now, jump.
[HAPPY]
[EXCITED]
Oh, wow.
That was perfect.
All that practicing's really
paying off, Serena.
[chuckles]
Go!
[EXCITED]
‐ Whoa.
‐ Amazing.
Alright, Pancham, jump.
Now, use Flamethrower.
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
[EXERTION]
[all gasping]
[PAINED]
No, Pancham.
Are you okay? Pancham?
[ANGRY]
Now, stop fighting, both of you.
It was nobody's fault.
Our timing was off,
so let's try it once more, okay?
[AGREEMENT]
[HAPPY]
Now, let's do it!
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
They did it. Yeah.
[PANIC]
Huh?
[STRUGGLING]
[ANGRY]
Stop, both of you.
Ah. Come on, cut it out, now!
You shouldn't fight.
[AGREEMENT]
[blowing a raspberry]
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
[gasps]
ASH/BONNIE
Serena!
[WORRIED]
[grunts]
I've had enough!
Can you please
take this seriously?
‐ Okay, now, calm down.
‐ Huh?
So you both know
what you did wrong, don't you?
[SAD]
Hm? Hm.
I think I need to go
and take a little walk.
I wanna think things
over alone.
‐ Serena.
‐ Sorry.
Serena!
[SAD]
[CRYING]
JESSIE
'Aargh, of all the stupid..'
'If I had won,
that praise and glory'
would have been mine.
That twerpy twerpette
is taking away my spotlight.
Now, now, there will always
be a next time.
Of course. And the next‐next
time, I'm going to win.
You tell them, Jess.
And always remember, James
and I have got your back.
Words of wisdom.
I'm going to become
the reigning Kalos Queen
cagey, crafty conqueror.
Attaining the status
of top Pokémon performer
doesn't necessarily mean you'll
be conquering all of Kalos.
What's that supposed to mean?
Queen, the title
that will bring me adoration
and region‐wide praise.
Yes. The entire world
will bow down before me.
First, you get
the performance power
then we get the Pokémon.
Wow. I can see that.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Oh.
[thinking]
I was awful.
I've had enough!
To be totally honest, I think
this one suits you much better.
Huh! Suits me?
Huh?
I thought you were wondering
about which one of these
was better.
No, not at all.
See, I was actually thinking
about something else.
‐ Hey, don't look so sad.
‐ Huh?
Really, if you keep
that look up
your poor face will wind up
staying that way.
‐ Huh?
‐ Always keep smiling.
That's the secret for looking
and feeling great.
‐ Ha‐ha.
‐ That's right. Just like that.
[thinking] I know I've seen her
somewhere before.
Hey. I know.
Why don't we shift gears and do
some serious shopping together?
I finally have some time off
and I know there are some shops
that I've really wanted
to check out
but it's boring to go
by myself.
‐ So, please?
‐ Ha‐ha. Sure.
My name is A, uh,
my name's Ariana.
‐ Nice to meet you.
‐ Hi, I'm Serena.
‐ And it's nice to meet you.
‐ Great.
Now, come on, Serena,
the stores await.
Of course.
You know, I was wondering
where I'd seen you before.
I saw you
in the Pokémon Showcase.
You saw the Coumarine Showcase,
Ariana?
I wasn't actually there
in person
but I watched it later
on Pokévision.
I sure goofed up.
I made some big‐time mistakes
and then got eliminated.
And I got mad
at my Pokémon today.
I feel like I'm the worst
Pokémon performer ever.
Everybody makes mistakes.
Nobody ever does it perfectly
the first time around.
But Shauna sure did.
She won it.
I really wanna be just like
Aria, the Kalos Queen.
'It's what I dream about.
Hm.'
Come on,
you're looking sad again.
Serena, between these two
'which one do you think
is better?'
Let's see, that one.
Really?
Then this one it is.
Wait. On second thought,
this one's really cute too.
‐ I can't decide!
‐ He‐he‐he.
‐ See? There's that face.
‐ Huh?
A Pokémon performer
always has to wear
a wonderfully radiant smile.
'That's the way you make'
'everyone in your audience
happy.'
Yeah.
BONNIE
'Okay. Time to eat.'
[AGREEMENT] / [EATING]
Fennekin? Pancham?
I'll bet you're worried
about Serena.
[AGREEMENT]
Don't worry,
she'll be back here in no time.
Yup, he's right.
And when Serena gets back here,
if she finds out
you didn't eat anything,
she'll get really worried.
[CURIOUS]
[EXERTION]
[EATING]
‐ Alright.
‐ Oh.
I sure hope my big brother's
doing alright.
So your worries
are about Clemont. Got it.
Clemont can mess stuff up.
So I get pretty worried
when he's on his own.
‐ Come on.
‐ Huh?
Clemont always does
the best he can.
Bet he's at it right now.
[EXERTION]
Are you alright, Treecko?
[AGREEMENT]
[CHEERING]
Luxray, use Wild Charge.
[WILD CHARGE MOVE]
[CONFUSED]
[PAINED]
[DAZED]
Treecko is unable to battle
so the winner is
the Gym Leader Clemont.
[panting]
Treecko, you were great.
Awesome. You were so good.
‐ Gym Leaders are strong.
‐ You were quite good too.
But it was when you decided
to use your Mega Drain
that left you a big opening
for me to make my counterattack.
Oh. I got it now.
That really helps me a lot.
Thank you very much
for the tip.
[thinking] Wow. I feel like I'm
really on to something.
You'll see, Ash.
Yum.
This looks so good.
We're in the famous cafe that's
in all the guidebooks, right?
That's right. I've always wanted
to come here and eat.
SERENA/ARIA
So let's dig in. Ready?
Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm.
It's delish.
It just melts in your mouth.
Right, Fennekin?
‐ Ah.
‐ Hm.
You two are always together,
aren't you?
Yeah, Fennekin and I
have been together
since the very beginning
of my journey
and although Pancham
isn't always upfront with me
it's very sweet
and lots of fun.
I know they're doing
the best they can
training for Pokémon Showcases,
but..
Here, Furfrou.
Open wide.
Is it yummy?
[PLEASED]
Aw. That tickles.
He‐he‐he.
Maybe they won't wanna
perform with me anymore.
ARIANA 'They're your precious
friends, right?'
Huh?
Do you want things
to stay like this?
Serena, I'm sure anything
that's important to you
is something your Pokémon
really care about too.
Ah. You think so?
First off, why don't you
apologize to them?
Even if you had a fight,
you can always make up
which is what makes you
true partners, right?
Ha‐ha‐ha. Right.
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Treecko.
JESSIE
'Not acceptable.'
'Not at all.'
Yeah.
You can scream that again.
‐ Pay attention.
‐ Ah.
I need to put on a flashier
and more elegant performance
to become queen,
isn't that right?
‐ Pal, you gotta help me out.
‐ Leave me out of this.
‐ 'Now, get up, pronto.'
‐ Ah!
JAMES
Why do I have to get up too?
JESSIE
Argh. Because I said so.
Ready? Get it. Ha‐ha‐ha.
[EXCITED]
[CURIOUS]
What is it, Fennekin?
‐ Huh?
BONNIE
'Serena.'
‐ Hi, everyone. I'm back.
‐ Hm.
Come on, you two.
No time like the present.
[SAD]
See, they both feel really bad
about what happened
and they've been worried
about you too.
Don't feel bad. I messed up.
I'm sorry.
[SAD]
Ha‐ha‐ha.
Oh, being away made me
realize something.
You two are my
precious partners.
[AGREEMENT]
I'm so happy
that you guys made up.
[AGREEMENT]
So these Pokémon
are your partners, Serena?
Mm‐hm. You've got
such a good connection.
‐ Who are you?
‐ Huh?
Oh, this is Ariana.
And I met her in town.
Hi. My name's Ash. And up on top
is my partner, Pikachu.
[HAPPY]
Bonnie's my name.
This is Dedenne.
[HAPPY]
[chuckles]
Nice to meet you.
Ah. Wow.
You're a keeper.
Although my brother's
not here right now
I'd sure like it
if you'd take care of him.
Uh, uh, take care of him?
‐ Well, uh..
‐ Can you stop, Bonnie?
Well, it's just that
Ariana's so pretty.
Now, isn't that sweet?
I'll introduce you two
when we see him.
He's a really
dependable brother.
[chuckles]
Hey, Serena, wanna have
a Double Battle against me
Huh?
You might learn a lot by
battling with your Pokémon now.
And I think
it would be a lot of fun.
Battling with my Pokémon?
Huh.
Sounds like a great
idea to me.
You think so?
Now, that you've made up
show her what an awesome team
the three of you can be.
I think you're right.
I'll give it a shot.
[EXCITED]
‐ Serena, you can do it!
‐ Go for it.
Thanks for the opportunity.
Now, I'm gonna bring out
my Pokémon.
Come on out, Delphox,
Aromatisse.
[APPEARING]
Wow, Ariana's partners.
Aromatisse,
the Fragrance Pokémon
and the evolved form
of Spritzee.
'Aromatisse can create
many scents'
'some unpleasant enough
to opponents'
'to gain the advantage
in battle.'
Huh? Hm.
Delphox, the Fox Pokémon
and Fennekin's final
evolved form.
'By focusing on the flame
at the tip of its branch'
'Delphox can see
into the future.'
Fennekin's final evolved form.
Hm.
Fennekin, Pancham,
let's do our best!
[AGREEMENT]
Alright then,
let's get going.
Fennekin, Scratch,
let's go.
[EXERTION]
Aromatisse, use Reflect.
[REFLECT MOVE]
[SURPRISED]
It got blocked.
Now, Delphox,
use Mystical Fire.
[MYSTICAL FIRE MOVE]
[PAINED]
‐ Pancham, are you okay?
‐ Whoa, that was amazing. Wow.
That's what I'd expect from
Fennekin's final evolved form.
It's so beautiful to watch
'the way Delphox
and Aromatisse battle.'
Well, how do you like
our performance?
Huh?
You're a Pokémon performer,
Ariana?
That's right.
I forgot to tell you.
So this is
a performer's battle.
Right. And the performance
is just getting started.
Right. Pancham, use Stone Edge
on Aromatisse.
[STONE EDGE MOVE]
‐ So cool.
‐ Wait.
It looks like
the Reflect is still active.
Huh?
‐ 'You have to work together.'
‐ Huh?
The cooperation between
Trainer and Pokémon
and between Pokémon themselves
is important in a Double Battle.
'You can't win if you don't
work together.'
Can't win if we don't
work together?
Huh?
That's right. It's what Ash
always says when he battles.
Alright, let's trust each other
and work together!
[AGREEMENT]
Pancham, use Stone Edge!
[STONE EDGE MOVE]
[EXERTIONS]
Reflect won't block
an attack from above.
Now, Fennekin,
use Flamethrower!
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
Counter it
with Flamethrower too.
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
‐ Ah.
Fennekin.
[STRUGGLING] / [PAINED]
Use Charge Beam.
[CHARGE BEAM MOVE]
[CONFIDENT]
Pancham, Dark Pulse, let's go.
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
[STRUGGLING]
[thinking] What am I supposed to
do? What can I do?
[WORRIED]
[CONCERNED]
No, I can't do anything.
Always has to wear
a wonderfully radiant smile.
Huh? My smile..
Fennekin, Pancham.
Don't worry,
I truly believe in you two.
After all,
you're the greatest partners
in the whole wide world.
[AGREEMENT]
[STRUGGLING]
‐ Huh? Check it out.
‐ What's going on?
Fennekin..
[CURIOUS]
Hi, Fennekin.
[EXCITED]
Ha‐ha. Hm.
[EXERTION]
[APPEARING]
[EXCITED]
It evolved.
That's awesome.
[AGREEMENT]
Braixen, the Fox Pokémon
and the evolved form
of Fennekin.
'Braixen uses friction to
ignite the twig from its tail'
'before a battle.'
[EXCITED]
Huh?
You see? Your Pokémon answered
your heartfelt call.
Just like I said.
Your two hearts became one.
[AGREEMENT]
Right. And thank you so much.
Now, this battle's really
heating up.
Time to show us the bond
between all of you.
Right.
Okay, here we come.
Use Flamethrower and Dark Pulse.
Perfect partners!
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
[COUGHING] / [SURPRISED]
‐ Look at that.
‐ That is so cool.
Those moves, what you did
with them just now was amazing.
It was.
Thank you so much.
I guess it's time now for me
to get serious.
Yeah, and me too!
‐ Huh?
What's going on?
ARIANA 'Hello. Yes, I know.
I'll be back right away.'
I'm so sorry, guys.
I kind of have to go back now.
No.
But there's a battle going on.
‐ 'We'll have to end it here.'
‐ Uh..
‐ No way.
‐ You were both great.
Thanks, Delphox, Aromatisse.
Ariana, I don't know
how to thank you for today.
Heh. And don't forget, you've
got a great smile to show off.
Thanks. I'll remember that.
‐ 'Let's meet on stage someday.'
‐ 'Definitely.'
‐ See you.
‐ Bye.
‐ Thanks for everything.
‐ Bye‐bye.
[EXERTION]
‐ Huh?
[PLEASED]
You were amazing too, Braixen.
So were you, Pancham.
[HAPPY]
[PLEASED]
‐ Let's get to Lumiose City.
‐ Clemont's waiting there.
‐ Bet he's excited.
‐ Okay, Clemont, here we come.
[chuckles]
‐ You sure are pumped up, Ash.
‐ Yeah.
I can't wait
for my next Gym battle.
‐ 'Ladies and gentlemen.'
‐ Huh?
The time has finally come.
The time for Kalos Queen
Mademoiselle Aria's
breathtaking performance.
'Here she is.'
I can't believe
how cute Aria is.
[gasps]
Ha‐ha‐ha.
[thinking]
I'll do my best.
And someday, I'll be as great
as a Pokémon performer
as you, Aria. You'll see.
What are you waiting for?
‐ Huh?
What's the hurry, Serena?
Hey, wait for me.
NARRATOR And so, after some
advice from none other
than the Kalos Queen
Serena's partnership
with her Pokémon has grown
just a little bit closer,
as the journey continues.
[theme music]